
https://codepen.io/enddy123/pen/KKayRGY?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Make it easier for someone to read and understand
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Its used to structure a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes provide more information to an elemenet
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 is the heading tag should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
THe image tag has two src and alt 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<title> and links to your css
    7. What is an id? 
An Id identifys that specific tag into css
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  
Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Just once
    10. What is a class? 
A class identifys more then one 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
More then once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
If you set the target attribute to "_blank" the link will open in a new browser window or a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The ALT text adds a text description to an image on a Web page
    15. How do I reference an id?
With an ID you use "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
With section the content is grouped and with div it has no meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
To creat style to your html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
 h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is used to reference everything with the same class
An ID is to only used to reference that one thing
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You add a . plus the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
     .human in  css 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
parent selector has all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
You can use a descendant selector. #sidebar a:link{} 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state ":hover"
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
ine-height property in CSS to do so 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter spacing in css 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform CSS property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
  div{ border: 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
the * selector 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
               (cntrl /)
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
 (pwd)
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
With "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
 "git rm" , have to becareful you dont let something on accident 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Important to keep track of changes and give your team mates the latest version 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you want to add content
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Push Git
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create your own repo (fork)
clone your repo 
create a branch
Commit
and then push to git hub 
Once in github compare and pull request 
